docs: added docs for meshmodel (#8291)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/guides/meshmap.md

---
layout: default
title: Using MeshMap
description: MeshMap allows us to interact with components and create designs with them
permalink: guides/meshmap
type: Guides
language: en
---

MeshMap is a **GitOps-infused** cloud native visual designer for Kubernetes and cloud native applications. Meshmap allows us to interact with components and create designs with components.

MeshMap has two modes:

1. Designer
2. Visualizer

### Designer

**Step 1. Access the MeshMap in Meshery UI**

> The option to access the MeshMap is available as the last option inside the sidebar of Meshery UI. Upon clicking the icon, the extension MeshMap will enable on your screen, and then you can choose the "design" option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Dashboard, the MeshMap visualization tool is accessible via a sidebar option located at the bottom of the navigation menu. To access MeshMap, click on this option, and the MeshMap extension will activate on the screen. From there, you can select the "design" option.```
